[Release 3.18067.0] COE Review Develop (#174)
cloudbees/terraform-aws-cloudbees-ci-eks-addon: blueprints/02-at-scale/README.md

   eval $(terraform output --raw global_password)
   ```

> [!NOTE]

> > See differences on CloudBees CI permissions and folder restrictions when login as user from Admin vs Developement group. For example, only Admin users can access to the agent validation jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There are differences in CloudBees CI permissions and folder restrictions when signed in as a user of the Admin group versus the Development group. For example, only Admin users have access to the agent validation jobs.
```

   ```sh
   eval $(terraform output --raw cbci_liveness_probe_ext)
   ```

4. Once you have retrieved the API token, issue the following commands to remotely trigger builds using the [POST queue for hibernation API endpoint](https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-ci/latest/cloud-admin-guide/managing-controllers#_post_queue_for_hibernation). If successful, an `HTTP/2 201` response is returned, indicating the REST API call has been correctly received by the CloudBees CI controller.

- `ws-cache` pipeline from `team-b` using Linux Nodes Pools:

   ```sh
   eval $(terraform output --raw cbci_controller_b_ws_cache_build)
   ```

This pipeline uses [CloudBees Workspace Caching](https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-ci/latest/pipelines/cloudbees-cache-step). Once the second build is complete, you can find the read cache operation at the beginning of the build logs and the write cache operation at the end of the build logs.

- `windows-build-nodes` pipeline from `team-c-ha` using Windows Nodes Pools:

   ```sh
   eval $(terraform output --raw cbci_controller_c_windows_node_build)
   ```

> The first build for a new windows image container takes up to 10 min to run. Subsequent builds will take seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first build for a new Windows image container takes up to 10 minutes to run; subsequent builds should take seconds to run.
```

7. Right after triggering the builds, issue the following to validate pod agent provisioning to build the pipeline code:

   ```sh
   eval $(terraform output --raw cbci_agents_pods)
   ```

> 8. Check build logs by signing in to the `team-b` and `team-c-ha` controllers respectively. Navigate to the pipeline jobs and select the first build, indicated by the `#1` build number. [CloudBees Pipeline Explorer](https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-ci/latest/pipelines/cloudbees-pipeline-explorer-plugin) is enabled as a default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Check build logs by signing in to the `team-b` and `team-c-ha` controllers, respectively. Navigate to the pipeline jobs and select the first build, indicated by the `#1` build number. [CloudBees Pipeline Explorer](https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-ci/latest/pipelines/cloudbees-pipeline-explorer-plugin) is enabled as a default.
```

2. From the operations center dashboard, select **All** to view all folders on the operations center.
3. Navigate to the **admin** folder, and then select the **backup-all-controllers** Cluster Operations job.

> Restore operation can be done on demand at the controller level from the preconfigured restore job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restore operations can be done on-demand at the controller level from the preconfigured restore job.
```

   ![CloudBees CI Tracing Example](img/observability/cbci-tracing-example.png)

> [!NOTE]

> > Grafana ingress can be enabled as explained on Issue [#165](https://github.com/cloudbees/terraform-aws-cloudbees-ci-eks-addon/issues/165) but currently is incompatible with terrafrom destroy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Grafana Ingress can be enabled as explained in Issue [#165](https://github.com/cloudbees/terraform-aws-cloudbees-ci-eks-addon/issues/165), but currently is incompatible with `terrafrom destroy`.
```
